# Caught in a storm while going to a party

This is the README file for the entire project. My theme was caught ini a strom while going to a party. I decided to reprensent in the first part of the sketch, the joy, excitement, euphoria that we can experiment before going to a party. I used some colorful randomly selected colors to exude this. These colors invites the joy and happyness that comes along with the party theme. I also used movement and dynamics to embrace body movement of the theme. Before going to a party, we sometime can be all over the place, figuring outfits, drinks, or even by being late. I used velocity and acceleration on the particles so that they look like they are a little all over the place. The pace is pretty fast, as we could see them being rushed, excited etc. 
The second part of the sketch exudes the theme of being caught in a storm. The background goes from a pink-ish flamboyant pink, to a neutral white-grey-ish one. The storm has arrived and the energy shifts. The particles loses their colorful energy which is replaced by a gloomy stormy darker color. The movement also changes so that they can't cross a certain point on the x axis. It is meant to feel like they are stuck, that they can't advance further to the party, they have been caught in the storm. 
This is where i got, as I would've loved to create a following to the storm, showing some other particles regrow, with other colors, but could not figure out how to add an extended class particle . 

